Message component sdk docs (#1301)
GetStream/stream-chat-swift: docusaurus/docs/iOS/customization/custom-components.md

> 1. Make changes to layout, styling, behavior as needed.
> 1. Configure the SDK to use your custom component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make changes to layout, styling, behaviour as needed.
2. Configure the SDK to use your custom component.
```
